[Music]
i heard
that there's a scene and there's a
little bit of a dispute about
how best to cook chicken so i want to
know what's your speciality what's your
what's your boyaga boyega sauce your
boyega
uh you know you know that one so it goes
like that what's your speciality
in terms of cooking chicken oh no
chicken can come in several different
kinds of ways you see
me now i don't think in that scene it
was a debate necessarily about
you know it was more about their own
thing you know they just had a way in
terms of the family you know creating
friction and
they had a way of just you know getting
on each other's nerves subtly and and
you know most ways you're going to do
that it's obviously say obviously matt
the way i cook chicken is better
but i accept all jerk chicken salmon
fried chicken
i like it you know grilled real nice
some sweet cheese on the side or you can
marinate it with some
barbecue sauce i don't mind my good
nigerian recipe
marinated in that chicken wrapped around
until i can't even recognize it
and make it tender and firm and then i
need it on the bone as well i'm not
really into chicken nuggets and all that
i need some action going on so uh but i
don't have a weight i just i
i have i i i eat all right i invite
all sorry you could do you cook yeah
yeah cook but not
not like um complicated meals or
lobsters but
nice rices and maybe like a little side
of plantain
you know some tilapia yeah i mean
you made my you made my laptop charger
fall out yeah
[Music]
so tissue mangrove there's a there's a
vibe um
and to to film one of the most intense
episodes we we felt quite jealous
because
we heard that you lot had a block party
scene
had
let me know your personal life how do
you like to
to brock dong how do you like to chill
out and and vibe and party what's
your go to i'll be honest with you i'm
not really into
parties that you have to go like into
the club because
it's you don't see anyone people are
pretty much drunk and you don't get to
have a vibe
and then the boys are always mush peeing
in and it's like it's not for me i love
house vibes invite like house vibes
dinners i love that where you can see
the person you can interact
have a nice little bit of food you maybe
go outside walk in the garden
you know you might try to you know just
check the guy out that you feeling he
came to the dinner party too you know
say it um but one of the coolest parties
that i've been to um thus far
and you were there i have to call it a
party i don't i don't even see it as an
event was the met gala 2018.
listen just let's just reflect a little
bit
on that met gala
look at her look at her
look at her look at her is it here
oh what was that that's what's going on
these days yeah
yes look at this i remember you saying
um jesus is lord jesus and then two
chains just going she's a small girl
yeah two two chase is like she's the
smartest one in the room
yeah yeah what is going
on
[Music]
bro
but the biggest thing is it was the met
gala with house party vibes
yes that's what it was about really is
that it had that
kind of house party even the after
parties was fun it was just like
it was just fun so that was my so far
you know outside of my personal space of
friends and family outside met gala was
just great
you were there you're my date you know
mine too man
i was you know what man i was going to
play humble go yeah yeah little house
party your way to indulge nah man i met
god
[Music]
music as you know is a huge part of the
collection of films as a whole
and it's super important to our culture
i want to know
you know are there any special musical
moments
in your in your um uh film and
you know is there a favorite song that
you listen to to to get you into the to
the character of leroy
um during his time of creating it i was
listening to some jazz funk
it's not my day-to-day but for this
specifically you know
trying to maneuver this waste in leather
pants it requires some olympic kind of
obviously you're gonna bust that in
it
was this 80s
[Music]
i was waiting for that cute it's right
up to the triple score
yeah come on who's got an s yes
[Music]
at the beginning of red white and blue
we see your character play scrabble with
the family
and board games and having that moment
of bond
and and family time i want to know about
your
personal family time is there a
particular game that you guys have to
play at christmas time
and you know um as
a nigerian even when we play game we
must be making money
ah or monopoly is just the way to go
yeah world domination you know getting
some assets
building some net cross that's what we
do and um
i would like to just say i am the king
of monopoly
it was a global thing i take everyone's
money and build up hotels in
in in in record time that's just that's
just our thing to do
but i enjoy it more to defeat all of you
i love that i love that okay hit me with
your next question
[Music]
so food plays a central part in bringing
the community together in nottingham
hill
what would you have ordered in the
mangrove restaurant
what's your go to in fact they should
just be asking you what did you order
last night
how did you know
oh man listen curry chicken for me
oh or chicken curry look i always get
cussed by the jamaicans because i'm
guineas
and i know i get some cardstock now he's
saying chicken curry i didn't like it's
not a chicken curry it's a curry chicken
whatever it is tasting good so my go-to
is definitely at the mangrove back then
where jamie hendricks is going through
nina simone you know all these people
visited the mangrove
um bob marley at a time
yeah man mangrove is a that's a spot
it's a spot that's what the police
wanted to raid it
wasteman anyway
chicken curry a curry chicken for my
jamaicans out there
i'm gonna do this as an african you see
the way to you know
uh some planting on the side
some plastic on the side i said planting
planted on the side
what's whatever the country seeks to do
is not just to close down a restaurant
but because that's what they see is a
space where black people can put up some
kind of resistance
to their harassment by the police and i
believe the man growth not only serves
as a negative
and putting up that space for black
people but i believe it serves as a
positive purpose
and that people in the community have a
place to call our own
and we as black people have loved that
since we were invited here
so this attack on a black establishment
and our right to gather is not an
isolated event
but a sustained campaign against black
people
but in british
what's the biggest thing you learned
from alfie are playing her what was like
the most inspiring thing to to learn
about this woman
um and how did that affect your
performance and
your portrayal of this woman firstly um
i didn't know about the the mangrove
nine at the time
um of auditioning and and discovering
althea's
involvement within the black panther
movement was beautiful because
i didn't know that within our british
society black british society
that this movement was even happening
i'm so honored to be able to play her
because
for her to just see the treatment of
black people in this country especially
within the educational
um institution she just took it upon
herself to
to be a part of the movement and
pretty much sacrificed so much to fight
for the rights of us
you know that are that are existing now
for for
for the rights of black people black
women black men i absolutely loved
just her and and what she stands for and
who she is and meeting her
was of course a little bit you know you
you get a bit nervous because you don't
i don't know you met her yeah i did and
i was a bit nervous
to meet her but you know upon that that
that encounter
you know she infused me with so much one
thing she did infuse me with
which i really take with me to this day
was just she was just
re-educating me about the love
for ourselves as black people you know
because she's she's lived do you know
what i mean she
she has some years on us and she was
just like talking about hair talking
about skin she was talking about
just the love that we need to have for
each other and it made me go away and
analyze myself and say
are there areas where i'm not basically
like
loving myself more in this department my
the department of my hair
why do i always want to put it away why
do i always want to like make it super
straight like what like what's going on
there what's the psychology
behind that and she was just like just
simply self-love
as you call yourself as a black woman
brings out so much so then i was just
like dang i'm going to stop
putting these chemicals in my hair like
i'm going to
ask yourself to navigate the western
space
yes yes love yourself and be and be
unapologetically black and beautiful so
she infused that in me in that one
meeting yeah
in that one meeting and i was just like
guys don't put no more
things in my hair i'm growing it out
like i'm gonna love myself do you know
what i mean
attempts to interact with your people
have fallen quite short
recruits from your background might be
better placed perhaps to show where
we're going wrong
wow i agree with you 100 i think we need
to look each other in the eye man to man
i'm giving a chance we'll soon realize
we're not different
i've tried jelly deals so if the boys
are up for it i'll have a meat and rice
and peas in no time i promise you that
thank you mr logan i got a question for
you
jb you asked me about althea
what was it like for you um playing
leroy
and what did you learn you know whilst
playing him playing leroy was definitely
an experience i guess i was approaching
a guy who decided to
join an institution to help force change
um
help motivate change for more
representation um and in hopes of
basically improving the relations
between civilians and and the police
force
um and that's a tricky choice to make
um in that space especially in the uk
during the 70s and the 80s not the best
of times to
to do that not only in terms of what's
coming um in terms of ignorant
um ignorant white narrative but also in
terms of your own community
how people see black people that join
the police force and how that can affect
you
um as well i know how it goes down now
but i didn't know how it
went down back then um so it was good to
explore a character a man
um who decided to navigate that space
because much like
like your character he he he was a he
was a scientist before and didn't he
didn't need to give this all up baby on
the way you know
nice young misses moving into a new
place together a new life to start
um but this choice was was was something
that he felt it was so heartfelt with
the love
and the connection that he had for his
community so that was one of the most
fundamental
you know beautiful things about playing
anyway
what would you think our characters
would make of each other if they met
you know one being an activist the other
being a member of the police
well i think there's definite definitely
intense debate if our characters met
then there'll be loads of loads of
conversations back and forth
in terms of collaboration especially
community-wise they both care about
their community to the point where
they're risking their
their normal lives to to fight for a
cause
um and i think you know just fun vibes
how old is your character uh well we
meet her she's
19 20 at the time yeah 20 so maybe
you know leroy come in with a little bit
of uh life lessons
you know because he's he's like he's
that is that kind of guy kind of like
that father that has that fatherhood
kind of energy
maybe maybe that but i think all all in
all there'll be a positive
a positive me that would be cool
i agree all right so tish is the first
time you worked with steve
i i had never worked with him always
wanted to always been on the list of
directors i wanted to work with along
with ryan coogler barry jenkins all
these amazing
you know black directors and okay that's
two down girls
with the girls those guys are the elite
ones i've wanted to work with
steve for for a long time as well yeah
working with him was great i i kind of
call him like the crazy genius because
you know his ideas are so huge that
people think it's crazy
do you know what i mean they're like
you're you're shooting how many films in
in the space of how many months you're
bringing what to the bbc
um and i just think he's brave i just
think he's innovative
and i just appreciate him because he
always would
um champion us even after a take you
know he would champion us and just
encourage us and
especially me he would encourage me man
um encourage me to be an
artist and just say you know no
hollywood's calling you but be an
artist yeah you'd be serious about that
and
and the fact of his love for us as young
british talent
um is is priceless so yeah it was it was
cool working with sadie
all right that was fun thank you jb
you